C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.exe
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.deps.json
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.pdb
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\MySqlConnector.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\MySqlConnector.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.webApiMysql2.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.webApiMysql2.props
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.webApiMysql2.props
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.webApiMysql2.props
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\webApiMysql2.styles.css
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMy.5C8E05DC.Up2Date
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\webApiMysql2.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.pdb
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\webApiMysql2.dll
C:\Users\rui26\Desktop\Faculdade\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\webApiMysql2.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.pdb
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.exe
C:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.deps.json
C:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.pdb
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\MySqlConnector.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\MySqlConnector.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.webApiMysql2.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.webApiMysql2.props
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.webApiMysql2.props
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.webApiMysql2.props
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\webApiMysql2.styles.css
C:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMy.5C8E05DC.Up2Date
C:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\rui26\PycharmProjects\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\webApiMysql2.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.exe
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.deps.json
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.pdb
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\MySqlConnector.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\MySqlConnector.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.webApiMysql2.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.webApiMysql2.props
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.webApiMysql2.props
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.webApiMysql2.props
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\webApiMysql2.styles.css
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMy.5C8E05DC.Up2Date
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\webApiMysql2.dll
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.pdb
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\webApiMysql2.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\diksh.LAPTOP-29QSU7Q5\Desktop\UNI\Uni (4SEM)\Integrecao Sistemas\projeto\fase segundo\woods\webApiMysql2\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\webApiMysql2.dll
